to begin with this quick and easy recipe
we're going to start off by boiling
potatoes in a big pot I'm using a lot of
potatoes because I am making a big batch
of these so you can use as many as you
want in a mixing bowl you can start off
by putting two and a half cups of
all-purpose flour
along with the flour you can also add
one tablespoon of cumin seed saw is
literally the preference of the person
but we've added two teaspoons of salt
and this then we're also adding a
quarter cup of oil as of right now you
want to go ahead and start mixing and
you want to mix all of the oils and
everything to the point where if you
were to motion in your hands you'd start
to get chunks in them we need the dough
to be hard and not soft so we're slowly
adding water to what we want to do with
it once out of the flour has been just
combined together you want to go ahead
and start kneading this on a counter
just so you can break everything down
completely and mix everything in your
hands and this is how the consistency
should look if you can get a wet cloth
and just place it on top of that it'll
be great because that's going to avoid
it from getting hard at the top now for
the filling you're going to need salt
cumin seed and red chili pepper
the other ingredients you'll need are
freshly chopped cilantro freshly chopped
mint and you're going to need some green
chilli peppers all of these vegetables
came from a frozen pack you can pick
these up at your local grocery store and
they're very inexpensive so I am going
to be using green beans carrots and peas
then you want to go ahead and start
mashing all your potatoes up try to keep
them to the point where you have chunks
in them now in a frying pan you want to
use quarter cup of oil and then you want
to drop in all your cumin seed and let
it fry up on top of that you're going to
add in all of the vegetables and just
stir them around for about five minutes
once you're frozen vegetables are ready
you can go ahead and add them into the
mixing bowl with the potatoes add in
your pepper your saw and the freshly
chopped up herbs
mix everything very well because you
want all of the flavors to be
distributed evenly throughout the
samosas to start with the wrap of the
samosa we're going to be rolling our
dough into little golf sized balls and
then we're going to flatten them out to
the texture and the softness and the
flatness and everything to the size of a
tortilla keep rolling until the dough
becomes really really flat
if your rap isn't perfect you can go
ahead and just cut off the edges to make
it a circle and then cut it in half so
you have a half of a circle and then you
want to put water around the straight
edge and fold them together into a
little triangle make sure you place one
flap over the other and then you want to
press against the flap so when you
deep-fry them they won't open up and all
of the vegetables won't come out of it
so press as hard as you can so they
completely stick together then you're
left with this cone start filling that
in with the potato mix using water again
we're going to be applying that on the
rim of the samosa
and then we're going to close them
together have grabbing one end of the
samosa and bringing it forward
to the edges that were connected to the
flaps that we're connected you want to
keep that side on the front and then
just close the back of it towards the
front and then just press against the
bottom and you've made a samosa
now deep-frying is pretty typical you
just turn on the stove and let the oil
heat up and then just deep-fry it and
there you go that's your samosa all
right guys if you like this video please
don't forget to thumbs it up also leave
any comments down below and don't forget
to subscribe to mom's kitchen 2011 we'll
see you in our next video with another
recipe